what's up guys so today's video is kind
of weird and it didn't really go as I
expected it I had planned to do like a
thrifting video or like a thrift flip
video so my friend Sara and I went to a
couple thrift stores but something
happened and kind of took up the rest of
the video and I need to like get on my
game because I feel like my ideas or all
the ideas I have are for like the future
and so I really need to like you know
get some videos done
so this is what I have for this week and
I hope you enjoy maybe laughs a little
bit because this whole situation was
really funny so alright enjoy guys oh
that's cute it's a little boat I don't
think that's gonna fit you something
else
that looks like our school where to
school as a rebel very Chloe
I was really look into you but I go
across from you so I could get better
views of you
oh you're too short Wow why would you
pay aiding it dollars those it's ten
bucks for all of them you should totally
get that you native her type you need
them so bad sir it's the next
here like it toddler like let me just
touch everything possible that's really
good child oh good good teacher or a
librarian or something no you take it
okay
my car actually doesn't have a seat and
Saric you're getting dry so we're
currently dying except no correction I'm
dying because Sarah doesn't sweat so let
me just open these windows here so our
next thing we it was successful I got
three things I got a couple skirts is
art I really wanted to get and we were
headed to Plato's Closet so we can
[Music]
and I have a huge thing back there which
I'm going to drop off don't open it spit
stuff out that's it you should get away
from the car I actually read drivers bed
thank you what the talk to your car is
pooping
I know what you do my wife smoke is a
water week
stop driving here overheat your engine
is your engine off you turn the car off
yeah I thought wait you have to wait for
to stop smoking no with open this is a
hot situation I'm sorry I'm just too hot
for your car
wait okay when I was reading don't open
it yet if the stop can't stop smoking
it says to wait for it to stop smoking
finally touch okay here used to be our
closed at this wild use clothes at the
gloves to open it and then open it oh
wait check your coolant levels on your
car can you just like put the keys in
the ignition check the coolant levels
[Music]
yeah
just wanna see me yeah it was like stuff
it was like smoke or steam or something
was coming out I don't think
now there well I it's been we've been
here for like maybe 10 minutes not 10 I
was like I can hear it
what are they good to say res day just
say it was like medium it was like in
between hot and cold
got it
I think that
right
[Music]
[Applause]
so I was like please not that and I
checked
[Music]
definitely like get on a certain way got
it to me to try getting it on the right
way I couldn't I don't have the strength
but I have the brain
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
learn from this experience is that we
should definitely like keep water in
training men I honestly thought my car
look instead which we could use
that's adventure for this evening not
not your average you know I hope you
guys enjoyed that video I was like
really weird but I I just hope you
enjoyed it if you did make sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe down below
if you are new here I love you guys so
much and I hope you're having a great
summer there will be some school related
content coming soon so yeah once again
hope you enjoyed the video and I hope to
see you on my next one I'll see you guys
next week
Miyabi underneath the
[Music]